README.md, before:



<!--
This README describes the package. If you publish this package to pub.dev,
this README's contents appear on the landing page for your package.

For information about how to write a good package README, see the guide for
[writing package pages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/writing-package-pages).

For general information about developing packages, see the Dart guide for
[creating packages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/create-library-packages)
and the Flutter guide for
[developing packages and plugins](https://flutter.dev/developing-packages).
-->

# horizontal_list_view [![Pub](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/horizontal_list_view.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/horizontal_list_view)

Simple and customizable horizontal list view widget for displaying a list of items in a horizontal layout. This package is designed to simplify the creation of horizontal lists with a specified crossAxisCount without the need to provide a fixed height for the ListView.

![Preview example](example/screenshots/example.webp)

## Installing

Add to pubspec.yaml file

```sh
dependencies:
  horizontal_list_view: ^1.0.4
```

import

```sh
import 'package:horizontal_list_view/horizontal_list_view.dart';
```

## Usage

### Code example

```dart
import 'package:horizontal_list_view/horizontal_list_view.dart';

HorizontalListView(
    crossAxisCount: 3, // Number of items displayed per row.
    crossAxisSpacing: 16, // Spacing between items in the same row.
    controller: HorizontalListViewController(), // Optional scroll controller.
    itemCount: 12, // Total number of items in the list.
    itemBuilder: (BuildContext context, int index) {
        // Create and return the widgets for each item.
        return AspectRatio(
            aspectRatio: 16 / 9,
            child: Container(
                color: Colors.red,
                child: Center(
                    child: Text('item: $index'),
                ),
            ),
        );
    },
)

Commit message:

new file:   .vscode/settings.json 	modified:   CHANGELOG.md 	modified:   README.md 	modified:   example/lib/main.dart 	modified:   example/pubspec.lock 	modified:   lib/src/horizontal_list_view.dart 	modified:   pubspec.yaml

README.md, after:

# horizontal_list_view [![Pub](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/horizontal_list_view.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/horizontal_list_view)

Simple and customizable horizontal list view widget for displaying a list of items in a horizontal layout. This package is designed to simplify the creation of horizontal lists with a specified crossAxisCount without the need to provide a fixed height for the ListView.

![Preview example](example/screenshots/example.webp)

## Installing

Add to pubspec.yaml file

```sh
dependencies:
  horizontal_list_view: ^1.1.0
```

import

```sh
import 'package:horizontal_list_view/horizontal_list_view.dart';
```

## Usage

Using `HorizontalListView`

```dart
 HorizontalListView(
   crossAxisCount: 2, // Number of items displayed per row.
   crossAxisSpacing: 8.0, // Spacing between items in the same row.
   alignment: CrossAxisAlignment.center, // Alignment of items within the row (default is center)
   controller: HorizontalListViewController(), //Optional scroll controller.
   children: [
     // List of child widgets
     // ...
   ],
)
```

Using `HorizontalListView.builder`

If you want to create a horizontal list view with dynamic content, you can use `HorizontalListView.builder`. Here`s an example:

```dart
import 'package:horizontal_list_view/horizontal_list_view.dart';

HorizontalListView.builder(
    crossAxisCount: 3, // Number of items displayed per row.
    crossAxisSpacing: 16, // Spacing between items in the same row.
    alignment: CrossAxisAlignment.center, // Alignment of items within the row (default is center)
    controller: HorizontalListViewController(), // Optional scroll controller.
    itemCount: 12, // Total number of items in the list.
    itemBuilder: (BuildContext context, int index) {
        // Create and return the widgets for each item.
        return AspectRatio(
            aspectRatio: 16 / 9,
            child: Container(
                color: Colors.red,
                child: Center(
                    child: Text('item: $index'),
                ),
            ),
        );
    },
)
```

In this example, you spacify the number of items per row (`crossAxisCount`), spacing between items (`crossAxisSpacing`), and provide an `itemBuilder` function to create the individual items based on the index.
